hey guys our stuff here to another
apocalypse rising shrimp sniper slash
killing dummies whoo shrimp pocalypse
rising but as you can see this girl this
girl here decided to put a little more
than that mouth little blocks right here
right here so you can't see what and she
disabled like all her all the people in
her group disabled the there follow so
you can't fall anyone in the group but
one person no wait no wait wait this
person mom logic let's let me join their
game they left it on so with that I'm
gonna get started and just try to so
with this stream sniping challenge um
it's a lot harder than the other ones
I've done
um this person has like a group of 4 5
so and shit one cycle me get to a safe
spot actually have some really good gun
um I don't know where I am
yeah I'm in kin but this time it's going
to be a lot harder because she has a
group of 5 and she is usually kind of
staying back in her group so that's
definitely gonna put a hurting on my
little my little request here I'm pretty
excited
if I fail I'll still upload it you'll
probably be able to tell if I fail or
not if I put a title play safe for me if
fresh friend listen I have Hirshman
plane right now um I can't speak some
and understand some ya know so I'm
English ah shares are questionable
anything I add this year fuck oh okay
there now she's mute and so's a song but
she has oh shit there's a guy right here
just song request enable so I decided to
play any any shitty song oh shit
she has sacrificed so I just had to play
will be will be sorry guys if it's a fun
time but I was just going to get a drink
yeah she was taking a shit we all know
that that was her voice by the way not
mine the girl voice was the girl
streaming damn bass god I'm a pretty
bitch fuck you okay I'm getting pretty
close to heart right now son what is
this song ha ha ha
shit she's on a rage no I don't want
nasty song please Wow aren't you fucking
10 years old ok think there's an age
limit on twitch if I am not mistaken a
big Sokolov that's that's a town or
another in hark um I'm just focused on
killing her I can die I don't give a
shit but oh she's right over here please
don't do please don't get my kill Danna
I'm getting shot damn it I'm being shot
again I'm getting shot
oh okay gay bout to die
she's got to find this lady kill it
really quickly cuz I'm going to die I
like I didn't even shoot me
shit got to
wait I get her oh shit I got her ha ha
ha ha okay that was really hard but very
rewarding so I win yet again I've never
died from doing one of these videos so
subscribe again or subscribe now if
you're not already subscribed and look
out for more fun videos